hey guys so today we're going to do this
look which is um I don't know what to
call it I'm sure I'll come up with
something but it makes me want to go on
vacation to like the Dominican excuse me
I'm sorry I'm like bourbon the Dominican
Republic or Jamaica or Brazil it makes
me want to go somewhere tropical and
nice unfortunately I'm here yeah sucks
to be me but I used up the majority of
the colors came from the Smashbox shades
of fame eyeshadow palette um I don't
know what grabbed me at first was the
teal but I was like I have tons of teal
but then I looked at this like I left
the store and didn't get it came back
looked at the lid color and I was like I
need that in my life I want that so i
ended up getting the palette and it's
really really pretty i think this is my
first tutorial yeah using this like a
smashbox product i have a couple of
their palates but i have never used I've
warned them but I never use them in
tutorials but yeah so i used this one um
yeah very bright um opted to go for a
bright lip this time versus you know
toning it down I wanted something very
bold and in your face and look at my
hair hmm girl bye I am tripping and I
know like I already said where I said at
the end of the video I look like we're
gonna Oscar the Grouch my eyebrows do I
know I know I'm going to get them done
my next video I will have eyebrows that
have been tamed so him if you want to
see how I achieved this look then ok so
for times sake I've already primed my
eye with um Urban Decay's primer potion
in Eden and on the lid I went in with a
Paint Pot for men
and this one is called coral crepe and
it came out a couple years ago i'm not
really sure when but it was a limited
edition item but any kind of Coralie
type deal that you have will work so now
i'm going to go in with my crease /
buffer color and i'm going to use saddle
from mac this color right here and i'm
going to pick up some color and place it
in the crease area
okay now i'm going to take the shades of
fame I shut the shades of fame I palette
from Smashbox and i'm going to use
basically all my shadows will come from
here today and i'm going to use this one
right there and it's called sure birds
and i'm going to use a sigma I shading
brush in this is I cannot talk this is e
55 and I'm going to place it on the lid
and this color is very pretty love it
okay using the same eye shadow box or
palette I am going to go in with this
deep brown right here and this color is
called mocha know if you can see that
mocha and i'm going to pick that up on
the sigma medium angle shading brush II
70 want to pick up a little color tap
off any excess and then just kind of
create a V with this brush and blend it
out
ok so for my next color to blend out the
mocha that I just used I'm going to go
in with a matte color and this is a
color from Mac a met color from mech and
this is excuse me brown script and I'm
going to take the same brush the 224
that I used to apply saddle with salt oh
whatever we want to pick up some color
and just right along that edge I'm going
to drag it from outer corner of the eye
all the way to the inner corner
okay and so basically that is kind of it
i'm going to add i'm just going to show
you what i'm using because i am running
late i need to leave in a couple minutes
for my inner tear duct highlight i'm
going to use half-baked from the urban
decay naked palette they also it's also
on the second edition but this palette
is closer so i want to use that or naked
to whatever you want to call it also um
i use a little bit of Foley in between
um brown script and mocha and I'm going
to try to fix my eyebrows I promise this
will be the last time that I have
ratchet girl eyebrows in a video I'm
going to go and get them done I will
find someone who I trust to do them so
yeah I'll be right back ok so i'm back
in here in the eyes up close and here is
my entire face on my lips i use in my
ex's new truffle my favorite like light
brown lip liner and then i used vegas
volt from mac and then on top of that I
used lychee luxe for my eye brow
highlight I just used a color from the
palette and it's this tan color right
here it's called bliss so yeah I
basically try to use the entire palette
except for the other two like my buffer
color and the crease color um normal
hours I know I look like Oscar the
Grouch I am going tomorrow to get them
done I don't care it's just this is just
too damn much right now Mike I feel like
it's screwing up the whole book but I
wanted to do a tutorial and I wanted to
makeup today so um yeah I've been
watching that ratchet growing anything
and then like the teal from the palette
and then the dark brown my eyelashes are
ardell wispies oh my chips for my cheeks
I use my normal contour which is blind
it's over there and I am really really
late so yeah um blunts of contour and
then for my cheeks I use my paradise and
for my face highlight I used golden
bronze so yeah that is it I hope you all
like I hope you all enjoyed and as
always I thank you for watching and
subscribing if you have peace